Update token doc to reflect latest changes (#152)
moderneinc/moderne-docs: docs/user-documentation/moderne-platform/references/moderne-tokens.md

### Permissions

A user's token shares the same permissions they have. For example, if a user is an admin, when they create a token, that token will have admin permissions, too.

> Admin tokens can only be used if they've logged into the platform in the last 14 days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are an admin, tokens you create can only be used if you've logged into the platform in the last **14 days**.
```
